Read through (#78)
Nikoleta-v3/Memory-size-in-the-prisoners-dilemma: main.tex

    Memory-one strategies are a set of Iterated Prisoner's Dilemma strategies
    that have been praised for their mathematical tractability and performance
    against single opponents. This manuscript investigates
    \textit{best response} memory-one strategies with a theory of mind for
    their opponents. The results add to the literature that has shown that
    extortionate play is not always optimal by showing that optimal play is
    often not extortionate.
    They
    also provide evidence that memory-one strategies suffer from their limited
    memory in multi agent interactions and can be out performed by
    optimised strategies with longer memory.
    We have developed a theory that has allowed to explore the the entire

>     space of memory-one strategies. The frame work presented in suitable to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    space of memory-one strategies. The framework presented is suitable to
```

>     study memory-one strategies in the inifite Prisoner's Dilemma, but to also
>     study evolutionary processes such as Moran process, the Prisoner's Dilemma
>     with noise and the stability of defection in populations of memory-one strategies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    study memory-one strategies in the Prisoner's Dilemma, but also
    in evolutionary processes such as the Moran process,
    Furthermore, results on the stability of defection in populations of 
    memory-one strategies are also obtained.
```

does exhibit ZDs behaviour and so could be extortionate, however, the best
response is not uniformly a ZDs. A positive measure of skewness and kurtosis,
and a mean of 0.34 indicate a heavy tail to the right. Therefore, in several

> cases the strategy is not trying to extort its opponents. This exhibit that
> the best response strategy's behaviour is more adaptable than that of a ZDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cases the strategy is not trying to extort its opponents. 
```

does exhibit ZDs behaviour and so could be extortionate, however, the best
response is not uniformly a ZDs. A positive measure of skewness and kurtosis,
and a mean of 0.34 indicate a heavy tail to the right. Therefore, in several

> cases the strategy is not trying to extort its opponents. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cases the strategy is not trying to extort its opponents. This highlights the importance of adaptability since the best response strategy against an opponent is rarely (if ever) a unique ZDs.
```

        (Theorem~\ref{memone_group_best_response}).
\end{itemize}

Theorem~\ref{theorem_one} has to a further theoretical result of identifying
environments for which cooperation cannot occur (Details are in the

> Appendix\ref{appendix:stability_of_defection}). Moreover,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is one further theoretical result that can be obtained from Theorem~\ref{theorem_one}, 
which allows the identification of 
environments for which cooperation cannot occur (Details are in the
Appendix\ref{appendix:stability_of_defection}). Moreover,
```

        (Theorem~\ref{memone_group_best_response}).
\end{itemize}

> Theorem~\ref{theorem_one} has to a further theoretical result of identifying

Reviewer: I don't know what you are trying to say here.

Author: There is one further theoretical result that can be obtained from Theorem~\ref{theorem_one}.

optimisation problems where the quadratics are non concave.

The empirical results of the manuscript investigated the behaviour of memory-one
strategies and their limitations. The empirical results have shown that the
performance of memory-one strategies rely on adaptability and not on extortion,
and that memory-one strategies' performance is limited by their memory in cases
where they interact with multiple opponents. These relied on two bespoke
data sets of 1000 and 152 pairs of memory-one opponents equivalently, archived
at~\cite{glynatsi2019}.

A further set of results for Moran processes with a dynamically updating best
response player was generated and is archived in~\cite{}. % TODO Archive
This confirmed the previous results which is that high performance
requires adaptability and not extortion. It also provides a framework for future
stability of optimal behaviour in evolutionary settings.

In the interactions we have considered here the players do not make mistakes; their
actions were executed with perfect accuracy. Mistakes, however, are relevant in
the reasearch of repeated games~\cite{Boyd1989, Imhof2007, Nowak1993, Wu1995}. In

> future work we would consider interactions with ``noise''. Noise can be easily

Reviewer: ```suggestion
future work we would consider interactions with ``noise''. Noise can be
```
